doc/source/Configuration.rst, before:

.. _configuration:

Configuration
*************

Configuration of the system is handled by the ``confParse`` module, that reads the simulation parameters from a given configuration file. This file must contain a ``simConfiguration`` dictionary, which contains sub-dictionaries for each simulation sub-module. Where a sub-module consists of multiple components i.e. Wave-front sensors, parameters must be given as lists at least as long as the number of components. Example configuration files can be found in the ``conf`` directory of the soapy package.

Below is a list of all possible simulation parameters. Parameters which have a description ending in \** can be altered while the simulation is running. When others are changed and ``aoinit`` must be run before they will take effect and they may break a running simulation.

Simulation Parameters
---------------------
.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.SimConfig
	:members:

Telescope Parameters
--------------------

.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.TelConfig
	:members:
	
Atmosphere Parameters
---------------------

.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.AtmosConfig
	:members:

Wave-front Sensor Parameters
----------------------------

.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.WfsConfig
	:members:

Laser Guide Star Parameters
---------------------------

.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.LgsConfig
	:members:

Deformable Mirror Parameters
----------------------------

.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.DmConfig
	:members:

Science Camera Parameters
-------------------------

.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.SciConfig
	:members:

Commit message:

update config docs for YAML config

doc/source/Configuration.rst, after:

.. _configuration:

Configuration
*************

Configuration of the system is handled by the ``confParse`` module, that reads the simulation parameters from a given configuration file. This file should be a YAML file, which contains groups for each simulation sub-module. Where a sub-module may consist of multiple components i.e. Wave-front sensors, each WFS must be specified seperately, with an integer index, for example:

.. code-block:: yaml
		WFS:
			0:
				GSMag: 0
				GSPosition: (0, 0)
			1:
				GSMag: 1
				GSPosition: (1, 0)

Example configuration files can be found in the ``conf`` directory of the soapy package.
(Note: Previously, a Python file was used for configuration. This format is still supported but can lead to messy configuration files! There are still examples of these in the source repository if you prefer.)

Below is a list of all possible simulation parameters. Parameters which have a description ending in \** can be altered while the simulation is running. When others are changed and ``aoinit`` must be run before they will take effect and they may break a running simulation.

Simulation Parameters
---------------------
.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.SimConfig
	:members:

Telescope Parameters
--------------------

.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.TelConfig
	:members:

Atmosphere Parameters
---------------------

.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.AtmosConfig
	:members:

Wave-front Sensor Parameters
----------------------------

.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.WfsConfig
	:members:

Laser Guide Star Parameters
---------------------------

.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.LgsConfig
	:members:

Deformable Mirror Parameters
----------------------------

.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.DmConfig
	:members:

Science Camera Parameters
-------------------------

.. autoclass:: soapy.confParse.SciConfig
	:members:
